Part I

1. make a directory called first
mkdir first

2. change directory to the first folder
cd first

3. create a file called person.txt
touch person.txt

4. change the name of person.txt to another.txt
mv person.txt another.txt

5. make a copy of the another.txt file and call it copy.txt
cp another.txt

6. remove the copy.txt file
rm copy.txt

7. make a copy of the first folder and call it second
cp -r first second

8. delete the second folder
rm -rf second

Part II

1. What does the man command do? Type in man rm. How do you scroll and get out?
The man command will give you a manual on a command. man rm will give the manual for the remove command. you scroll with the up and down arrow or "e" to go down a line "y" to go up a line "f" to go forward one window and "b" to go back one window and type "q" to quit.

2. Look at the man page for ls. What does the -l flag do? What does the -a flag do?
The -l flag lists the files and folder with more information -a will show all files and folders including hidden ones

3. How do you jump between words in the terminal?
Ctrl left/right

4. How do you get to the end of a line in the terminal?
Ctrl + e

5. How do you move your cursor to the beginning in the terminal?
Ctrl + a

6. How do you delete a word (without pressing backspace multiple times) in terminal?
ctrl + w

7. What is the difference between a terminal and shell?
The terminal is an interface that allows you to interact with the shell. The shell is what is actually taking the commands.

8. What is an absolute path?
A path that starts at the root folder and gives the entire path for finding a file or folder.

9. What is a relative path?
It is any path from the current location, it does not start at the root.

10. What is a flag? Give three examples of flags you have used.
A flag adds additional functions of parameters to a command. - l can be used for the ls command and -r and -f can be used for the rom command

11. What do the r and f flags do with the rm command?
r will remove a folder and will recursively navigate through the folder contents to remove all the files and folders it contains.
f will force removal.
